chore: Replace mtls-ambassador with mender-gateway and refresh the docs (#2360)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 08.Server-integration/04.Mender-Gateway/10.Mutual-TLS-authentication/01.Keys-and-certificates/docs.md

We suggest copying these to a temporary text file, filling them with your values and keeping them at hand while going through evaluation.

> <!--AUTOVERSION: "mender-gateway:%"/integration-->

Reviewer: Here we want to follow the `mender-gateway` repo version, not the "bundle" represented by the integration repo version. In other words:
```suggestion
<!--AUTOVERSION: "mender-gateway:%"/mender-gateway-->
```

```bash
# For evaluation, define an arbitrary domain for the mtls server (we will modify `/etc/hosts` on the device).
# No external registration will take place.
export MENDER_GATEWAY_DOMAIN="local-domain-1993028.com"

# This is the IP of the pc you'll be running the mtls proxy on.
# Once the container is running this is the IP we'll be expected to communicate with it
# Is this the shell you'll be running the container on?
#    You can use `ip route get 8.8.8.8 | awk '{print $7}' | head -n 1` to get the IP
export MENDER_GATEWAY_IP=

# You need to create a separate user on your Hosted Mender instance.
# The Mender Gateway will authenticate devices on Hosted Mender as this user.
# Fill these with the credentials of your newly created user.
export MENDER_USERNAME="mtls@mender.io"
export MENDER_PASSWORD="password"

# Please check the URL if your account as this can be i.e. eu.hosted.mender.io
export UPSTREAM_SERVER_URL="https://hosted.mender.io"
# Located under Settings->Organisation and billing->Organization token once logged to the UI of Hosted Mender

> export TENANT_TOKEN="U3VwZXIgTWVuZGVyIG1hbidzIHNlY3JldCB0b2tlbiE"

Reviewer: I would keep the `...` to signal that this is clearly an example token and not to be taken as-is

Author: This is a tenant token following the new format (+ there's an easter egg hidden there somewhere :upside_down_face::egg:)

Author: That is, tenant tokens are no longer issued as JWT tokens, but a random string of 43 chars in the base64 char set.

Reviewer: Ok

# Docker registry configuration
export DOCKER_REGISTRY_URL=registry.mender.io
export DOCKER_REGISTRY_USERNAME=
export DOCKER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD=

# The name and version of the mtls server container

> export MENDER_GATEWAY_IMAGE=${DOCKER_REGISTRY_URL}/mendersoftware/mender-gateway:1.3.0

Reviewer: We should set this to `master` in the master branch. Then we can set the tag once it is released.

```

## Access to the Mender Gateway container

You need to have the correct credentials to get the enterprise container.
This section shows how to confirm correct credentials in isolation.

!!! Set the [environment variables](#environment-variables) before executing these commands.

```bash
docker logout $DOCKER_REGISTRY_URL
echo $DOCKER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD  | docker login  -u "$DOCKER_REGISTRY_USERNAME" --password-stdin $DOCKER_REGISTRY_URL
docker run --rm $MENDER_GATEWAY_IMAGE --help
```

In the success case this will print the following output:

```text
Mender Gateway
Usage: mender-gateway [flags]
Flags:
      --config FILE       Configuration JSON FILE (default "/etc/mender/mender-gateway.conf")
  -h, --help              Show this help text.
      --log-level LEVEL   Log LEVEL, <debug|info|warn|error|fatal> (default "info")
      --version           Print version and exit.
```

## PKI keys and certificates

> To set up Mender Gateway in  mtls mode for evaluation, you need the following keys and certificates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Mender Gateway in Mutual TLS mode for evaluation, you need the following keys and certificates:
```
or
```suggestion
To set up Mender Gateway in mTLS mode for evaluation, you need the following keys and certificates:
```
